41-year-old **Aeropos Karanos** seems to enjoy a blessed life: Tall, good-looking, wealthy, well-spoken, husband to a beautiful wife, father to a multitude of healthy children. In truth, he is a man on the brink of despair. Once rich from supplying the military garrisons along the Krysivor, Karanos fell on hard times when the legions were called west two years ago. In order to maintain his profligate lifestyle, he took a loan from the crime syndicate in Siadanos. That debt has been hard to repay with beastmen constantly raiding his caravans. Things have come to a head with the disappearance of his best men, Daros Thenes and Odysios Panas, on the road. The other traders in his employ are refusing to transport goods until Thenes and Panas are rescued and the beastmen are dealt with.

Karanos has posted a reward for the missing merchants in the headquarters bulletins at 18a. Characters who ask about the reward, or make it known that they are striking back against the beastmen, will be informed that the pair went missing a week ago while traveling north from Türos Tem. He will offer a reward of 250gp each for their return alive and well, or 50gp each for recovery of their bodies for funerals. (The merchants are captives in Room 65 of the Buried Temple.)

Depending on the party’s reaction roll with Karanos, he may also be willing to securely store their wealth; loan them funds; and act as a money-changer. On a Neutral reaction roll, he will safely store wealth in his private vaults at no charge provided funds are left for at least one month, or at a 10% fee for premature withdrawal; loan funds if collateral is provided, at an interest rate of 10% per month; and change gems, jewelry, or coin for gold or silver at a 10% fee. Fees and interest will be increased to 15% with an Unfriendly reaction and 25% with a Hostile reaction. (At the Judge’s discretion, a Hostile result might mean he offers a very low fee for banking wealth, but then absconds with it!) Fees and interest will be reduced to 5% with an Indifferent reaction and 3% with a Friendly reaction. On a Friendly reaction, he will also offer them 1d4-1 shipping contracts of 1d4 loads (see ACKS p. 141), as “Dangerous times such as these require bold venturers to work the roads.” Karanos will automatically be Friendly if the characters save the merchants, and may even ask them for help with his “situation” in Siadanos.

During the day Karanos can be found in at the guild merchant’s table in the forum (25). In the late afternoon he cleans up at the village bathhouse (24) then usually visits the local inn (23) before returning to his home.

Aeropos Karanos: Venturer 4; Str 9, Int 16, Wis 10, Dex 10, Con 10, Cha 15; MV 120’, AC 0, HD 4, hp 15, #AT 1, D by weapon, Save T4, ML +1, AL N, XP 135; Proficiencies: Bargaining, Leadership, Profession (merchant) 3; Equipment: 4gp, 25sp