Priestess **Genelen** administers the hospital within Türos Tem, where she and her staff care for sick and injured soldiers and civilians alike. Genelen is 50 years old, and beginning to show her age: Her face is careworn and her hair thinning and white. She conceals her frailty with the voluminous white mantle and shawl of her order. A priestess of Mityara, goddess of civilization and mercy, she has been chaste and celibate her entire life; in spite (or because) of this, she is an incorrigible flirt capable of making even salty Centurion Ilarion blush.

Genelen begins each day at dawn with prayers in the hospital courtyard (11a), cleanses herself at the village bathhouse (24), then spends the morning doing rounds of the hospital wards (11c-l) checking on her patients. In the afternoon she may run errands or meet with visitors; otherwise she tends the flowers in the courtyard. At dusk she ends her workday with prayers, then retires to her quarters (11t) for supper and sleep. Every seventh night, she maintains a vigil from dusk to dawn before the ever-burning torch in the courtyard, and consequently rests for most of the next day.

In recent weeks, a large number of local villagers and soldiers have been complaining to Genelen of bad nightmares. She has tended to their suffering with sleeping draughts and salving rest spells (see ACKS Player’s Companion, p. 140) but is growing concerned that some curse or dark power is at work.

With a Friendly reaction roll, Genelen will share her concerns, and will freely cast divine spells to assist the party. She will also be willing to use her scrolls (in 11t) on their behalf, though she will ask that they donate the cost of the scrolls (1,000gp per spell level) to the hospital in exchange. With an Indifferent or Neutral reaction roll, she will share nothing of her concerns. She will charge the cost noted on the Spell Availability by Market table (ACKS, p. 54) for any spellcasting, and will not use her scrolls. With any other reaction rolls, she will be unwilling to help at all.

If Genelen learns of the Stone of Sakkara, she will call for its immediate destruction, and will undertake any risks necessary to do so (traveling to its location, or personally striking the blow, for instance). She will, likewise, insist that the Fragments which remain after its destruction be handed over to her order. See p. 67 for more details.

Priestess Genelen: Priestess 6; Str 8, Int 13, Wis 12, Dex 8, Con 9, Cha 10; MV 120’, AC −1, HD 6, hp 17, #AT 1, D 1d6 (staff), Save C6, ML +1, AL L; Spells: 3 1st, 3 2nd, 2 3rd, 2 4th; Proficiencies: Laying on Hands, Healing 3, Naturalism; Equipment: staff of the serpent, holy symbol of Mityara (alabaster statuette on bronze chain), 25gp