**Ruined Wizard's Tower**. The Lonely Island is a volcanic island formed in the aftermath of the eruption that buried [[Cyfaraun]] in ash. Rocky and desolate, it is largely empty save for the crumbling remains of an ancient wizard’s tower on the island’s peak. The once-proud spire now stands only two stories tall and seems to have been blown apart from the inside. The mage who dwelled here was destroyed while attempting to bind an **efreeti** into a bottle. He succeeded only in binding it to the tower, where it has remained ever since. The bored efreeti remains invisible much of the time, and delights in using its pyrotechnics and permanent image power to torment any who land on the island, with visions of flame-clad demons soaring over the tower. If the efreeti is close to death, it will offer to serve for 101 days, which will free it from its imprisonment. It has used its powers to create a luxurious dwelling for itself, with silken tapestries (25gp), plush pillows (10gp), and a rich fur carpet (30gp). Most of the wizard’s library and workshop were destroyed but some of the wizard’s treasure still survives in an underground vault. There can be found a polished brass lamp with gold inlay (145gp), a scroll of *summon fire elemental*, and one of the only 18 known copies of *The Obsidian Shards* (Format: Codex; Language: Ancient Zaharan; Topics: Alchemy 2, Elementalism (fire); Complexity 5; Length: 600 pages, Reading Time: 4 days, Value: 190gp, Weight: 2 3/6 st) spread out on a lectern. A locked chest contains 500sp and 200gp. The tower lies directly over the magma reservoir of the Lonely Island, which is a *flaming furnace of elemental fire*.